Homebrew Update for Mac (#1871)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/getting-started/install-dapr-cli.md

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dapr/cli/master/install/install.sh | /bin/bash
```

> When installing from the terminal, native ARM64 binaries are downloaded when available. For older releases, AMD64 binaries are downloaded, which must be run with Rosetta2 emulation enabled. To install Rosetta emulation:
> ```bash
> run softwareupdate --install-rosetta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Note for ARM64 Macs
Support for ARM64 Macs is available, but currently in the Preview phase. When installing from the terminal, native ARM64 binaries are downloaded when available. For older releases, AMD64 binaries are downloaded, which must be run with Rosetta2 emulation enabled. To install Rosetta emulation:
```bash
softwareupdate --install-rosetta
```

```

### Install from Homebrew
You can install via [Homebrew](https://brew.sh):
```bash
brew install dapr/tap/dapr-cli
```

#### Note for ARM64 Macs

> Support for ARM64 Macs is available, but currently in the experimental phase. For ARM64 Macs, only Homebrew 3.0 and higher versions are supported. Please update Homebrew to 3.0.0 or higher and the command below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ARM64 Macs, only Homebrew 3.0 and higher versions are supported. Please update Homebrew to 3.0.0 or higher and the command below:
```

```

> #### Note for M1 Macs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Note for ARM64 Macs
```

> For M1 Macs, only homebrew 3.0+ versions are supported. Please update Homebrew to 3.0.0+ and use below command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For M1 Macs, only Homebrew 3.0 and higher versions are supported. Please update Homebrew to 3.0.0 or higher and the command below:
```

Reviewer 2: Updating text to be a bit more consistent with styles.  Note brew self updates but I think it's ok to say please update.

Reviewer 3: Also add:

When installing from terminal native ARM64 binaries are downloaded where available. For older releases AMD64 binaries are downloaded which must be run with Rosetta2 emulation enabled. To install Rosetta emulation, run `softwareupdate --install-rosetta`.

Reviewer: @berndverst - for the paragraph you recommended above, it should be added to the `### Install from Terminal` section of this doc, correct?

> For M1 Macs, only homebrew 3.0+ versions are supported. Please update Homebrew to 3.0.0+ and use below command

Reviewer: Minor edit to @paulyuk's suggestion to rename M1 to ARM64 per offline conversation with @berndverst 
```suggestion
For ARM64 Macs, only Homebrew 3.0 and higher versions are supported. Please update Homebrew to 3.0.0 or higher and the command below:
```
